Update Feature Toggles Documentation (#10312)
bbc/simorgh: src/app/lib/config/toggles/README.md

# How Feature Toggles Work

Feature toggles in Simorgh are fetched on the server side (or client side).

The `getInitialData` fetch returns the toggle configurations from the BBC toggles API (refer to Simorgh runbook section 2.5.2) via the `toggleContextProvider` which passes state of the toggles to the `useToggle` hook in Simorgh. The toggle configurations from the BBC toggles API are set as remote toggles in iSite.

Local toggle configs are global and configured for the application environment, whereas remote toggles in iSite are configured to be service specific.

Simorgh has 3 toggle config files for `test`, `local` and `live` environments. Remote toggles on iSite also take precendence over local toggles when the toggle response is fetched:

```
   const cachedResponse = cache && cache.get(url);
  if (cachedResponse) {
    return {
      ...defaultLocalToggles,
      ...cachedResponse,
    };
  }

> ```

Reviewer: can you add a link to the code around here to help maintainers in the future?

Author: Yep was going to do that just forgot to grab the permalink. Done!

> If a toggle is not configured in iSite or in the local toggle configs coupled to Simorgh, then the toggle value will default to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a toggle is not configured in iSite or in the local toggle configs deployed with Simorgh, then the toggle value will default to false.
```
Slight wording preference, what do you think?

Author: Yeah agree, all good!
